OK, so as a reminder, with
graphic novels you're going to
look at a series of pictures
that tell a story. Imagine that
you were telling us someone who
cannot see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story and.
This is our story. It's
approximately 20 slides.
And um, like before, when you're
done with each slide, you could
tell me to move on.
Great hoops and you could begin
whenever.
You're ready?
#START_return So it looks like
this is a continuation of the
story that we were doing last
time.
And it's set in a city which.
Looks like it might be New York
City.
In a very old apartment
building, old in a good way I
think and looks like they are
the second the first and second
floors of this old apartment
building and the highlighted
room on the upper left is a
person I think is the dad, and
he seems to be working at a
drawing board.
And.
He's highlighted in color, as is
the kite, the red kite, which
has made its way in that door.
From where? I don't know,
because we're seeing other
rooms, but that red kite figured
in the story last week. OK, then
we can look across and follow
the stairway down. The other
rooms are interesting but empty
of people. There's no people in
them.
Until you get to the lower right
and that appears to be the young
girl's bedroom. And she again
has her red wand or crayon and
she's drawing a door on her
wall.
And has something red in her
arm. Don't know exactly what.
The figure red's important now.
Also there's a red balloon like
the one she and her her, you
know, companion or you know,
cohort took.
Through the Kingdom last week
when we saw it, there's a fan in
the room. It's a beautiful old
apartment building and it looks
tidy, homey.
Alrighty. I think that's as much
as I see there, alrighty. So
here is the dad, and he's seeing
the kite. It's fallen on the
floor.
And behind him and he picks it
up.
And then he seems.
Not he disappears from that
drawing, but.
Realizes that his daughter's up
some up to something runs to her
room, and he's looking through a
doorway. The doorway that she
drew, which turned into a red
door, and she's passed into the
tunnel from there.
So it'll be interesting to see.
Next, the dad enters that
doorway and a whole world opens
up. It's the forest again. And.
Probably a park more than a
forest because it's lit by
lanterns.
There's a small river or stream
going through it, and her red
balloon is sitting on a boat
dock.
On the far right, but there's no
sign of his daughter.
Yeah.
OK picks up her red balloon or
orb and.
Sees kind of a dragon boat
coming, coming towards him.
And.
He gets on board.
And is actively looking for his
daughter.
Looks like the boat heads off
from the dock.
He gets to the Kingdom on that
stream and it's night time.
There's a huge full moon.
Lighting up all those buildings
with their gold Spires and all
the turrets and he spots his
daughter on I think what you
would call an aqueduct going
across the river ahead, and
she's in that little red
rowboat.
And again, she's doesn't have
her pal with her, she's all on
her own. She seems to be on a
mission.
Up above.
Where she's passing, there's a
beautiful.
Like, what would you call it? A
gazebo, almost. And it's lit up.
It looks like that's possibly
where she would be heading. And
then meanwhile, the moonlight on
the water is very beautiful.
But the dad's concerned he's
going to try to catch up to her.
Boy, and somehow he does and.
She has arrived.
At that gazebo. And there's her
friend, the young boy and their
bird, who's now purple again.
And either the king or a younger
version of himself. And just
then the dad arrives and catches
up with him.
It's the king, OK, that's the
king.
And he's asking the king what's
going on.
The girls and the boy.
Seemed fine. It looks as though
the girl knows she has. She
wants to be sitting in that King
seat from the looks of the her
body language.
But Umm.
The king appears to be friendly.
Hope so.
OK, now we're seeing the view of
the whole palace.
From where the four of them are
standing and there's someone
threatening that's coming out of
the front of the boat that the
father just took to get there.
Boat's some kind of an animal
shape and there's a door in its
chest.
Some kind of a knight with.
You know, weapons seems to be
entering in. And the bird senses
the danger. The quetzal bird is
flying around above them.
The boy has the purple wand. The
girl has the red wand.
Oh, and the king.
In the next frame, has a gold
wand and is holding it aloft.
To stop.
The soldiers from coming up any
farther, he's got the boy by the
hand and is protecting them to
the best of his ability.
Stars are out.
OK, the king.
Wields his wand.
And it becomes a sword. He's
drawn. He's drawn a sword.
And points it at the first.
Of those soldiers.
OK, that soldiers got some crazy
weapon.
And it seems to.
Throw the king off.
His balance and he loses his
sword and is taken hostage.
One of them by two soldiers and
the third heads off, chasing the
dad and the two children.
OK, the soldier's awfully small.
It's really interesting.
Umm.
Girl's holding the bird for
protection.
And as they do that, the boy
draws something. Oh my goodness,
he draws a Pegasus with his
purple.
wand crayon.
And the three of them boy, the
girl and the dad.
With the bird, hop onto the
Pegasus and escape.
From that gazebo, leaving the
soldiers behind. And I'm sure
they just hope the King's going
to be all right.
Off they go.
Wow, this is an amazing view of
where they've just been.
But unfortunately, what they're
seeing is that that.
boat
And the shape of some kind of a
creature.
Has sprouted wings and it's
flying and pursuing them.
And they're both airborne.
Heading off?
We'll see what happens. There's
going to be an air battle. Looks
like. Oh Oh my gosh.
So the soldiers have some kind
of crazy weapons that are that
are.
Coming. It's like it's a box
that these soldiers hold and
they shoot.
Never seen anything quite like
it. It looks like an old
fashioned camera, but it's a
weapon and they they obliterate
the purple Centaur flying
Centaur that the dad and the
daughter and the boy were on.
And they go. All three of them
go flying through the air, but
the king manages to catch the
young boy.
Meanwhile, there are feathers
from the Centaur all over the
place, and.
The dad and his daughter are
free falling. She's even losing
her crown. But has her crayon.
See what happens.
Whoa, OK, so they they fall into
the river.
And of course, there's a lot
under the river, as well as
fish. Falling, falling. The bird
is with them and the daughter
starts drawing some kind.
Of a shape around them with her
red wand, the birds very
comfortable underwater.
Meanwhile, they're all
breathing.
OK.
Ah, she's throwing them a
submarine.
Red submarine, of course.
And it's almost as if they're
exploring this underground area
with.
with um
Sea growths that looks like
cactus.
Stone turrets.
It's the dad, the girl and the
bird. The bird seems to be
forward in the boat and maybe
doing the navigating.
Underneath there.
It's a very capable boat. It has
a paddle wheel behind and
periscopes, so they're actually
the girl's watching what's going
on above the water.
They have an idea of it.
Who knows what will happen next.
OK. And they landed, they've
come to a place where?
There's actually a cavernous
opening.
And allows them to sort of pull
up on a shore and they get out
that the girl and the bird and
they're seeing cave drawings.
How beautiful.
Probably an earlier
civilization, and Oh no, it's
there are drawings similar to
what they've been going through
that's really interesting.
Oh yeah.
OK, here's another view of that,
and there's an opening to the.
To some outdoor area.
The girl though is pointing so
yeah.
It looks as though what's been
drawn on the walls is their
adventure. You can't be sure of
that, but it looks pretty close.
Bird's come looking forward to
getting out. You can see that.
And it's a sunny day out there.
Pretty sunny day. Little few
clouds.
They're probably going to head
out.
So for some reason.
The dad is drawing.
His pencil which is.
Gray.
He draws what looks like a
doorway and with the cage for
the bird hanging in it, or a
seat for the bird. I can't tell
which it is.
Who knows what's next?
Interesting.
Oh my gosh. Fascinating. So he's
drawn it as a trap.
To attract the soldiers when
they spot them.
They run.
Heading for the bird.
And it's very clever, the doors.
To that little trap.
Aren't evident until someone
gets inside and they quickly
flip up and trap them. Literally
trap them there, so the.
That scary weapon weapon that
the soldier was brandishing is
knocked out of his hand as the
trap closes with him inside.
And the dad picks it up and is
just about to destroy it.
Not sure what's happening with
bird.
OK Oh yeah, yeah, the bird is
turning into.
A really threatening looking
monster.
in purple now the bird flies
off.
A monster is born out of the
weapon.
Along with dragonflies and
butterflies.
The King and the boy.
Are.
Appearing now too, on some kind
of a gold.
SWATH.
The other soldiers.
Are afraid of what's going on.
They realize that their comrade
has been trapped and they don't
want any part of it, so they're
kind of reeling backwards and
dropping their swords.
The dad's been fierce in the way
that he broke up the weapon, so
yeah, it's quite a scene. Don't
know what's happening next.
Oh my goodness.
Looks like they've won their
freedom.
And all these multi colored
birds are flying off.
With that soldier.
Captive. taking him to jail,
probably back at the castle and
every all the threatening.
Characters or disappearing into
the.
Onto the hearth.
Beyond the horizon.
And the king, the two children
and the dad are there.
The girl's hugging her dad, so
thankful he arrived to save
them. They wouldn't have made
it. Probably.
Looks like they're going to have
a chance to go through that
door. Yep, end of slide show.
They're back back home.
Flying the kite, thankfully I
bet home never looks so good.
#END_return
Hey.
Let me see what's next.
OK, next we have a.
Um, complex scene.
And I'm going to share my screen
so with complex scenes like
before, just take 3 to 5 minutes
to describe the scene.
And let me put this into
presenting mode.
OK.
Well, thanks. That's helpful. No
problem. You could begin
whenever you're ready.
#START_make_a_splash Alright, so
this story or
Page.
Series. It's called making a
splash. {Ever since Peewee and
Snowflake spotted the bright
wiggly slides in the distance,
they've been.
Pestering to listen go to the
water park.}
So it it's definitely a water
park and it looks like it's
probably in New Jersey judging
from the number of people in it.
Or, you know, Thailand or
something. Oh my God, I've never
seen so many people in one
place.
And the variety of people is
fascinating too. All ages,
nationalities, races, you know,
it's just a throng. There's, you
know, moms and dads and kids.
So.
Everyone's.
Swimming.
Or sliding your are some really
intricate fun water slides here.
Are full of people, some
traveling even into little
tunnels as part of the
experience.
And just imagine how much
squealing is going on.
And there are lines of people
waiting to get onto those water
slides.
There are.
Cute little boats, these little
yellow doughnut kind of things.
That people are floating on and.
in the upper, upper area.
And then there's a fascinating
old timey kind of a pirate ship.
That you can get on to and
there's.
Different kinds of toys and
tricks on there, as well as a a
giant wide water slide from the
ship down to the pools below.
That the kids are getting to to
climb the into the up to the
lookouts on the ship with those
ladders, those rope ladders that
they used to have back in back
in the day. It's very authentic
looking, but painted more
interesting colors than usual,
I'm sure.
Most kids are having a great
time, they are water sliding
down.
Into the main pool area.
Everyone sort of arrives in the
center pool from all.
Different accesses.
Some of them have floaty toys,
those what do they call those
Noodles. Some of them have those
noodles.
And then there's a big blow up
dragon that's actually spinning
water. Pretty realistic.
And there's.
Different things they can step
off. Almost looks like floating
pieces of logs.
And.
There's a wonderful bridge.
Bathing suits.
Every color imaginable.
{I used to design bathing suits
for a short time. It was a lot
of fun.}
There's some submerged snake
with two bulbous eyes, and the
kids are having a great time
climbing on to the different
parts of the long, winding
snake.
There's two big polka dots
balls.
A green one and a red one.
And they seem to.
Maybe the umbrellas or something
that are sending water down onto
people.
Everyone under those.
Mushroom caps or whatever they
are, is having a good time.
Ohh of course.
From the bridge, that beautiful
semicircular bridge on the left
side, there, there's a young kid
with a water cannon shooting it
at a girl that he probably has a
crush on. Who knows? Oh, there
are guys and girls. There are
people selling.
You know snacks, I suppose.
They seem to be carrying these
trays of snacks over them. Some
people are stretching on
blankets.
Relaxing. We've had enough of
the water. And there's a giant
pink elephant who squirts water
out of its the end of its trunk.
Yeah, there couldn't be more
people there than there are at
the moment and luckily a few
palm trees to send kind of calm
the mood down and give it a more
natural aspect too.
But it looks like a very
successful water park. If you
want to invest in a water park,
this might be the one.
#END_make_a_splash
OK.
Perfect. Now let me see what we
have next.
OK, we have another complex
scene.
Hello.
Pull it up.
OK.
Same thing as before. This is
another scene.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo And
this one's called.
Escape from the zoo? That sounds
frightening. {I have a nephew, a
nephew who works in the
Melbourne FL Zoo and.
This would give him a nightmare,
I'm sure.
So Oh well, what fun. Let's
see.}
There's a city in the
background, so this is a zoo.
That's available probably by
subway and buses and whatever.
To get to for city dwellers to
go to the zoo on the weekend I'm
guessing.
And there's a tremendous variety
of animals from the looks of it.
Although it's unlike any zoo.
Most of us have ever been to
because the animals are all
mixed in their areas. Not always
an easy thing to get away with
as a zookeeper, I'd say and and
some of them seem to be.
Yeah, running amuck like the
rhinoceros is definitely on the
loose.
And he has a Penguin, it looks
like, on his back.
People are fleeing the
rhinoceros, as they probably
should.
I know now I see the kangaroo
also escaped.
As well as some birds.
And there's someone, maybe the
zookeeper in a very small plane.
Trying to steer animals back to
where they belong, I'm guessing.
All right. And as far as the
loose animals go, one of them is
a Peacock and its tail would be
a male peacock. His tail is
completely opened. It's
beautiful. People are taking
photos and.
You know, like noticing it.
Oh gosh, the zookeepers.
Some of the people have.
Gotten themselves into the Lions
area. Even the Lions are
shocked.
Even the Gopher, somehow.
Found found a little.
A way to get get himself above
ground through little tunnel
finds he's next to the male
lion. Not a good idea.
No, there's oh gosh.
Snakes are amongst the runners,
but meanwhile with all that
peril on the lower right.
There are still ice cream
sellers.
Or hot dog. No, it's a hot dog
vendor. There are moms pushing
their babies, all heading in
that direction, not realizing
how insane things are ahead of
them. So moving backward, moving
backward, I've started.
In the exciting area now going
backward. Oh, there's a really
lovely grandfather. There are
babies in strollers.
And then there are the
zookeepers. And they're wearing
khaki outfits and have butterfly
Nets or bird catching nets. I
guess they might be.
That's pretty interesting. Oh
boy, there's someone feeding.
Potato chips or something to the
animals. Absolute wrong thing to
be doing.
Something's in the trees above
everybody are full of.
coatimundi, I think that is. And
there are birds in the trees.
There are polar bears.
Up above everything.
Elephants, ostriches, eagle.
There's an eagle on the rooftop
and a stork on another one and
then in the upper right. Keep
moving upwards from being
beginning down below.
Upper right are all the
primates, the gorillas,
Gorilla family. A big gorilla
family.
The youngest of whom
Is having a great time mimicking
or the this young boy and the
gorilla are miming, each
mimicking each other's
movements.
having a good time. There's a
shop and a cafe.
Zebras are beautiful. There's a
zebra pair. Flamingos.
Hippos.
And then that little thing.
Ice cream seller and the crowd.
Yeah, it's one crazy day at the
zoo and escape from the zoo I
think is what the people are
trying to do as much as the
animals.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Yeah.
Thank you. OK.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
Let me pull it up.
Same thing as before.
You gave us more.
#STRAT_deep_sea_divers So, deep
sea divers.
Still haven't found Waldo. Why
don't I ever see Waldo?
Well, anyway.
I've never seen so many boats,
and certainly never so many
striped boats as we're seeing
here and.
They look rather old fashioned.
Like a pirate ship with a
striped sail and a banner flying
above it.
And there's some fishing going
on.
Someone who's actually.
Caught a person on his hook.
At any rate, there are a lot of
people.
Preparing to deep sea dive.
And a lot of people fishing.
As usual.
There's a crush of people in
this thing as you look down
below the surface of the water.
You can see people swimming and
they're striped.
Pirates pants is what it looks
like.
And they have crazy.
Pillows tied to them, which must
be some kind of a flotation.
sort of thing above or below.
There's absolutely giant.
Fish.
Who's caught
On one of the lines.
There's no way the person in
that little boat is going to be
able to haul them up.
There are sea snakes, I think is
what I'm seeing there, the green
ones on the far right.
But they can't be too
threatening because people are
swimming amongst.
All of the free sea creatures we
see here.
Fish. There's a fish with a net
just about to catch a person.
Taking.
Taking that way to defend
himself against getting caught.
Pretty there's a swordfish.
About to spear a human for a
change.
And a lot of people have made
their way down to the.
The surface underneath the
water.
They're Oh my gosh, I don't know
how it would be possible amongst
the mermaids.
Mermaids are all blonde.
Green tails.
And some of the fish are
swimming in schools that that
mimic human faces as if they're
drawing.
Humans.
Or another fish. There's there's
a group of fish swimming in the
in, like making a drawing of a
of a fish.
There are.
Creatures looking on the very
bottom, there's an octopus and
some kind of a sea sloth. From
what it looks like, there's
coral.
And a giant hand, apparently,
which is probably a another kind
of a sea urchin.
#END_deep_sea_divers
OK, perfect.
OK, next one is also a complex
scene.
OK.
#START_ancient_rome Fun and
games in ancient Rome.
Well, this is taking place in
the Colosseum from the looks of
it.
And it's chaotic.
Although not quite as densely
populated as a lot of these
scenes have been.
There are people and animals and
everything seems to be going
awry.
Gladiators was probably the
nature of the people there.
but
At the at the top here.
On the left, you see that the
Lions are getting creative and
they've actually made a make.
They're making a pyramid out of
themselves so that they can get
up into the arena area.
And attack people.
As if there aren't enough down
below, but maybe the ones up
above look more tasty, I don't
know. Or they're annoying the
lions, more possible.
So there are.
Guards with Shields and swords.
And those crazy helmets they
wore back in the time of Rome,
Ancient Rome.
There are teams of horses and
Chariots.
There are people with Tridents,
which you usually see in
connection with.
Defending ourselves at sea, but
here they're being used just
kind of randomly and there are
some beautiful leopards running
and actually chasing people.
Probably getting ready to eat a
few.
Now it's.
Again, I'm working for my iPad
so the details a little hard to
get in some of these here in the
front, whether people are
actually being eaten or just,
you know, bothered.
Not seeing blood flowing,
although there is a lot of red,
but I don't know. Yeah, there's
some chaos.
From animal attacks it looks
like.
And people attempting to get out
of.
This lower arena and they're
using each other as stepping
stones to get up above and
escape.
Yeah, more lions are being
released.
Into the arena.
Not the kind of place you want
to spend any time.
But the audience is massive.
Massive number of people down
there, gesturing with their
arms.
Trying to.
Tell people where the danger is.
Maybe. Oh, I see a tiger now
another tiger. So we have leped
leopards. Tigers.
Male lions. I don't see any
female lions.
And.
Gladiators who are in a terrible
state of affairs.
Who knows how it's turning out?
I think that's as much as I can
narrate.
of it. #END_ancient_rome
OK, next one is a short story.
OK.
So when you want me to move on
from each page, just let me
know.
Alrighty. Thanks, Megan.
#START_flowerman So it's it's
evening night time here in a.
In a very old-fashioned village,
it's obviously Europe and
there's.
River again.
It's a little hard to make out
the river. It looks as though
the river might have drained.
Yeah, that's what we're seeing.
And.
Someone, probably a fellow, is
walking his dog.
Over the bridge.
Which is lit by Street lights.
And noticing.
But the rivers gone, all the
water in the river's gone.
There's a car that had evidently
been lost into the river, and
the dock on the other side just
sticking up there. There's
another little rowboat.
And an anchor.
In the bottom of that river bed,
now that it's all exposed.
Who knows where the river's
gone? And interest
Interestingly, there appears to
be a circus over to the left of
this little village.
It's winter time because there
are no leaves on the trees, and
whoever's crossing the bridge is
wearing a hat and a coat.
There's a little gas station
ahead.
There's a bar and a bait shop of
all things, so this is a coastal
village, probably.
Umm.
And someone approaching.
Walking along the other side of
the river there.
Little truck parked.
Charming smoke coming out of a
chimney. All the chimneys smoke
coming out, so it's definitely
fall or winter.
Yep. Don't know what's going to
happen next.
OK, all right. It's a fellow and
walking his dog, even though
it's.
Not too clear and I think maybe
he has an umbrella.
OK, there are.
People in windows. So he's
getting into the town square
from having been at the.
The Riverside. There's a cafe
ahead. It's all lit up and there
appear to be people in all the
rooms.
There are wonderful little
porches and there's a couple, I
think, on this porch or no.
Maybe it's one person with it's
the cat.
Someone's driving through town
in a truck or a car.
Someone loitering under a street
lamp at the cafe entrance, and
there's a couple.
Looking on.
Sitting. Maybe outdoors.
Yeah, it's a charming city, very
old architecture.
And even though heat is on in
all the buildings.
No.
Yeah, it's definitely fall or
winter, but there are some of
the windows appear to be open.
OK, and the fellow arrives at a
little house for sale.
The garden's all overgrown, and
the house looks like it's in
disrepair.
It's a heavily settled
neighborhood, very old kind of
crazy buildings.
The roofs all have slopes and
they are rickety looking,
beautiful stonework.
More people out doing things
even though it's night time.
People having conversations.
Looks like there's an artist at
work one of these.
OK and then.
Morning comes. {ohh yeah, sorry
there.
Yeah, no problem.}
And Oh my gosh, he's bought the
house and is fixing it up.
We're looking at a daytime scene
and it's in a really busy area.
Sweet little city.
So many people involved in doing
things.
A milk delivery man.
Shoppers. people commuting to
work on scooters.
Very unusual looking people.
There's a Coca-Cola sign there,
even though it appears to be
Europe, but we all know
Coca-Cola is drunk around the
world.
Unfortunately.
For all of us.
From one of the higher
buildings, there's a a telescope
set.
On what looks like a ship's
bridge at the very top of one of
the houses.
Oh, so this fellow is at work
repairing a a shutter at the
moment, and there's a beautiful
tree.
Shading his house. Then there's
something that looks like a
leopard on one part of his roof
at the very point there. I have
no idea what that is.
He's bringing the house back to
life again. Very nice to see.
OK, yeah, I'm still seeing that
leopard there flowering tree.
And the fence is done. The
fellow has finished his work,
and he's.
He's becoming a a lovely
neighbor from the looks of it. I
see him waving as someone
passing on a motor scooter.
And down the road, also in
Multicolor, is a young girl with
a ponytail.
Heading off, we're seeing a lot
of the same characters and it's
definitely an artist in the
second story there with the the
curved window opening.
Kids. A few kids in the area,
which is nice to see.
Parents lot of activity. It's
probably afternoon from looks of
it.
OK, that's all I've got for
that.
And.
Movers.
All right, someone appears to be
leaving the house next door.
Maybe, yeah.
Because there's a girl is very
sad upstairs window.
Her neighbors are moving.
I might be wrong about that, but
neighbors appear to be moving
out.
And meanwhile, the fellow who's
moved in.
Is getting to know people.
The neighborhood's coming to
life. Color's in more areas.
There's always a fellow in an
upstairs window watching
everything that's going on. He
must be retired.
He needs a part time job.
But it's a lively village.
Yeah.
Things are coming to life.
So an adorable little car coming
into view.
And the artist has finished the
painting. He's wearing his
beret.
Oh my gosh, all the roofs.
Are colored and there's some
beautiful.
Multi colored tiles on some of
them.
This is a very old village, but
it's being lived in and taken
care of from the looks of
things.
And young boy's.
Gotten into the fountain, he
can't resist.
Add oh.
Someone's selling artwork on the
sidewalk.
Maybe by the artist upstairs.
Can't really tell. The fellow in
the window is still in the
window and I wish I could see.
What's going on? He's got
something in front of him there.
Almost looks like a camera. I'm
not sure. Oh my goodness, years
have gone by.
And the fellow who repaired the
house.
Is much older.
it appears or.
There's an older gentleman there
now, and his wife, and it looks
like their grandchild.
And there's this very
interesting little girl with red
hair and glasses. It's been in
the last few of these, and she's
talking to a fellow who's being
pushed in a wheelchair because
he's got a broken leg and people
have been signing his cast.
Maybe she's asking if she can
too. Very sweet.
The milkman is dancing with Ohh
the young girl with the
ponytail. Yep, this is
definitely years on. She's
growing up and now the milkman
and she are dancing out in the
square.
There is a guitarist.
And people on a roof. A man on a
roof with his kids.
I keep seeing that fire hydrant.
Yeah, there are a lot of
generations here. It's lovely.
Kids in the foreground, 3 boys.
And a dog. They appear to be
friendly.
With each other getting to know
one another maybe?
Yeah, looks like a lovely town.
That's all I've got. Women
chatting. That's sweet.
{OK. I guess next one.
Oh, is this it? Yeah. OK, this
is the next one. Sometimes when
you switch it, I don't see the
switch. It's weird. And so
yeah.} Oh my goodness. So yeah,
time probably has moved on
again. And.
For several oh, it's not a
leopard chimney on that
beautiful little house. It's a
chimney set with stones that
look like leopard spots. And
it's fall, the tree's turning
colors.
Umm.
I don't see the the man who
fixed that house up.
But the house is still in
beautiful shape. Someone's
caring for it.
And there may be someone in bed
upstairs, I can't tell.
And this little cart.
Is like.
Selling flowers, apparently.
Something like that.
Wow.
Here in the foreground, I can't
believe it. The fellow with this
leg in a cast with signatures on
it still has his leg in the
cast, so this might just be
another day, I don't know.
Hard to tell.
Oh yeah. There's the gentleman
who fixed the house up with his
wife. They've been out walking.
Very sweet.
And the artist is not in his
studio.
And the fellow who's always in
his window watching things is
not there. This is a very unique
day. There are two important
people missing.
There's the fellow. Maybe the
fellow who's always been
looking.
Is on a rooftop wearing a towel.
Maybe he's.
Been getting some sun.
Hard to say.
And there's a dad and his
daughter, it looks like.
All the windows are open.
Fewer people on the street. They
all seem to be moving in One
Direction.
Ohh my gosh I wonder. So the
milk truck is always here. Looks
like the milkman may be off duty
though.
And maybe he married that young
girl with the red hair and now
they're grown up. Oh gosh, no,
no. It's too hard to judge a
time. I don't think much time
has gone on because of the guy
in the cast there.
The boys are still.
Doing some mischief.
There's.
Umm.
Oh yeah, the two women are still
in their step, chatting.
In exactly the same way.
Alrighty, next one, I guess.
Alright then, we're back to a
view of the square where the
fellow with the hat first
entered and he's retreating.
And it appears to be dusk.
There's some nice color in the
sky.
We see the cafe.
The young girl in one window
upstairs.
There's a couple, romantically.
snuggling in one of the windows
above.
There's a father and a son and a
daughter.
Looking out on the little
village.
It's quite quiet.
But some people still moving
through.
It's a sweet little town.
Just about to go to bed for the
night, I think.
Aha.
So.
Here's a gentleman.
Who we first saw.
And his little dog.
I think he's gotten older. I
think this is the man that
bought and fixed up the.
The home for himself.
And we see the for sale sign
again.
Everything's.
In black and white now and
people are startled.
Looking out their windows.
Seeing this.
He has a bag with flowers
printed on it.
His umbrella.
Maybe he's a ghost, I don't
know. But he's multicoloured,
he's technicolored. Don't really
know what's happening, but.
Sweet kind of evening.
With the cloud over him. So
yeah, he's under a misty cloud.
And the for sale sign's back up.
So ah, interesting.
Huh.
So the older fellow.
Somehow, left is leaving his
flowers behind and he's on his
way.
And people are very happy to be
finding these flowers.
I think he's saying a goodbye.
#END_flowerman
Hmm.
Let me see what next. OK, next
we have another short story.
This one six slides.
Next.
Slides.
#START_arrival_6 So there's an
earthenware.
Jug.
On a window sill.
And out of it flies.
Something. We've seen this kind
of a critter before, last week.
Crazy little pointy arms.
Ohh.
Yeah. And then.
The legs of this.
Traveler, the husband or father
father that we knew from some
from last week.
And he's carrying this creature,
which is like a mouse.
Oh no, he's not carrying it, but
the creatures walking alongside
him.
As he asked directions of a
villager.
Who has shown him?
To this kind of a robot looking
thing.
OK and then.
It's night time. He's at his
desk.
And writing.
umm
A letter, probably a letter
home.
And he goes out to a mailbox and
inserts it.
Unusual mailbox.
And then
When you see him.
{Oh, wait a minute. Should I
have gone? Is it one page on the
left, Megan, and then one page
on the right? I yeah, yeah,
yeah. OK. I was going all the
way across, all right. So he so
alright.
Something where} earthenware
little bird flies out. Oh, he
writes a letter.
Folds it into a bird, puts it in
an envelope. OK with money.
Seals the envelope.
Goes out with this little
creature accompanying him, asks
directions to get to the
mailbox.
All right, then puts the letter
with the money and the bird into
the mailbox.
And looks up.
Oh, because, Oh my gosh, this
thing levitates. It goes to the
destination with your letter.
Absolutely unbelievable. And he
heads off across the countryside
with his little.
Companion, which is some kind of
a funny mouse that he maybe it's
has crawled out of that jar,
evidently.
Wow. I hope the letter gets
where it's supposed to be going.
And OK so.
He's walking through this
countryside and the what appear
to be trees transform or leaves
transform.
Into flowers.
Fascinating.
Yeah.
All the seasons of the year.
I see an amazing Kingdom.
Just created or shows up.
I've never seen anything quite
like it. There's a giant
building with Windows randomly
placed all the way down its
side, and there's.
Roadways on top of buildings.
It almost looks as though snow
has fallen, but it might just
be.
Sand.
Surfaces and.
Smokestacks, ornate smokestacks,
and something that looks like a
teepee.
Well.
Vegetation over the rolling
hills and you see roads heading
out.
A lot going on in the distance.
Things flying in the air in the
distance.
Something looks like a Ferris
wheel. Several somethings look
like Ferris wheels but they're
patterned discs. Don't really
know why and a lot of chimney
type things but.
Much more primitive than Aztec
looking than.
Anything we know.
That's kind of futuristic and
ancient at the same time.
This little village, yeah. Don't
know what's going on here.
So all right, there's something
growing in the earthenware pot.
And his little.
Comrade is tending to it. Oh
gosh, maybe there are a little.
Little animals growing in there.
Meanwhile, the dad is sitting on
his bed looking at the family
photo. He misses them a lot, he
can tell.
And it's almost as if his
little.
Creature.
Is sad.
Feeling like it's not getting
noticed when the dad is lost in.
Thought missing his family.
And.
The little creature runs, trying
to escape, maybe? goes down this
ladder. The man follows down the
ladder.
And finds a letter has arrived.
Ah.
They open it and it's a bird in
an envelope.
And Oh my gosh, the dad's
smiling, getting the bird he's
smiling, reading.
The note.
It's really amazing that.
His words got to his family and
that he's hearing back. It's so
nice to see him smiling.
He's looking out the window.
OK, there's the paper model of
his little his little friend.
And some kind of a crazy
machine, the dad's hat and a
towel.
Map hanging from a.
Hanging from pigs.
There is what looks like a bowl
of food.
Don't know about that.
Doesn't look terribly edible and
the fork's scary.
Ohh, maybe the dad's been
drawing there's this flying
ship.
Got a couple of contraptions.
And there's a cup of tea or
coffee newspaper.
And the beautiful family photo
that he takes such good care of.
Then we see.
His hand giving a small hand
some money coin from the looks
of it, don't know why.
Yep.
Oh my gosh, is it possible
That he's back with his family?
Yes. And the crazy little
creature came with him.
Oh my gosh. And the paper model
of his creatures on the mantle.
He's actually made it home.
So they've just had a meal
together, it looks like.
He's teaching her something with
three fingers of his hand.
Being some kind of a message or
a sign.
And the young girl puts on her
boots in her coat and her hat.
And heads out with that adorable
little creature.
And she's showing him.
How
There are these little.
Stars.
That live amongst them.
Introducing a little creature to
the landscape. #END_arrival_6
OK, let me see.
OK, we have another short story.
OK. If you wanna take a break
now, you could and then we'll
continue. OK. I should stretch
Megan so.
Just take a couple of minutes,
yes. OK. Thanks.
So.
#START_arrival_4 All right,
we've got a new page here and
I'm I'm seeing with the father's
home, he's taking a shower and
shaving,
Putting on new clothes, getting
the shoes on.
It looks like that center is.
Maybe putting some money
together? I can't see quite what
he has in his hand, clearly,
but.
He picks up his hat and it's a
map.
And he's opening the map, he and
his little creature.
Or heading out with the
destination.
They're following a winding Road
Just as it is on the map. He's
studying things carefully.
And.
Again, they are in the city
that.
Is really remarkable.
There are things floating.
Through the air, boats floating
through the air. There's what
looks like.
You know, early American teepees
and.
An aqueduct above it. So and all
these things have patterns on
them.
Buildings and the boats and all.
It's fascinating civilization.
Don't know where he is.
So Oh my
gosh, his creature, his little
critter friend finds.
Another little animal with
adorable ears that stands
straight up a lot like the
teepees.
That appears to be the pet of a
woman who's also.
Reading that, who, woman a woman
who's standing there reading a
book.
And the dad
Asks her a question, maybe for
directions, yeah.
Ask her to help him.
Navigate.
And.
She shows him how to do
something with this machine,
which is maybe to get a ticket.
Looks like he might need
transportation.
And here comes one of those
vehicles. It's floating
vehicles. It's kind of a
steamship, an air steamship.
People are waiting down below.
His creatures with him.
His ticket gets checked.
And he's motioned to get on
board.
OK, and he's sitting on a seat
woman who helped him figure out
where he needs to go.
Is also traveling the same
direction and her little pet is
with her.
There are other travelers.
And he's.
Telling her.
Why he's what He's up to telling
her his story, and it looks as
though.
He's trying to find someone.
And maybe she's trying to find
the same person.
It's amazing on the next page
we're seeing that person that
they're trying to find.
And.
She's reading a book and being.
uh, someone's taking the book
away from her. It's put in a
drawer. The drawer's locked.
She's given a shovel. She's
being put to work. Oh, my gosh.
So they're trying to rescue.
Maybe they're each trying to
rescue this little girl who's in
a terrible.
Kind of.
Jail situation.
Being held captive.
OK, oh, there she is.
She's not alone. Other people.
are being held.
Horrible situation.
But somehow she's getting back
into that drawer.
Looks like.
Maybe escaping?
There's a train in the last
drawing there. I can't believe
she's found her way out of this
situation, but it would be
wonderful if she has.
OK.
And here comes.
the dad.
on this flying paddle wheel
steamer.
And the woman who's helping him
find his way there is pointing
out where he'll need to go.
The.
Boat conductor calls out the
stop.
He thanks the woman who's helped
him so much, and he and his pet
get off, get a look at where
they're headed, it's.
Really quite unusual.
A huge animal building or
sculpture up ahead and there are
people in exotic dress here.
Somewhat Asian and ancient at
the same time.
This guy is such an adventurer.
And luckily, he still got his
companion pet companion with
him.
looks they're walking through
the streets.
There's so many tentacles.
Whether it's things growing or
what, I don't really know.
You see them a lot, just like
the tail of this animal and.
If we're seeing things right,
there's a young woman.
and is buying something or
getting a ticket? There's
someone buying a fish.
You see him walking down the
Boulevard, a very wide sidewalk,
and he still has his pet with
him and he's.
he's reading.
In a book, maybe it's a
language. Maybe.
Maybe it's a language, but there
are pictures and.
Names next to the pictures here
from the looks of it.
Drawers.
So.
What is he looking for? He's
looking for a little creature,
maybe.
Puppy.
And a boy comes up to him and
ask if this is what he wants.
And the father.
His father in here are waving at
him.
Yeah, and he says no, this is
what I want.
They help him open another door.
Pull out something.
And.
He holds it. The dad holds it.
He's being offered a bowl of a
basket or a basket perhaps for
carrying this creature.
Boy offers him a basket. He
takes the basket and the father
and son who've helped him are
showing him where he go next, it
looks like.
OK.
All these creatures, it's food.
So they're
Introducing him to new food.
Showing him how to eat it.
He tries it.
Doesn't look like it's agreeing
with him. The boy is trying to
feed the pet something. They
have a whole basket of edibles.
The boy's whispering to the dad.
The dad.
The boy's dad puts his arm on
the shoulder.
Of our dad, our character dead.
They're walking along together.
They're at the shore. There are
a lot of adorable little row
boats.
No water to be found. I think
these are more flying boats.
It looks as though these people
you've met are helpful.
Father and the son. We'll see.
OK, they're approaching one of
these boats with a big
earthenware.
Container on the bow. And of
course there's some kind of a
tail that comes out of it.
And the boy pulls that.
Creature pulls a creature out of
it, and it's an adorable kind of
fox.
Shape.
Almond eyes.
They're introducing
the two animals to one another.
It's almost like a cat and a dog
kind of thing. They're putting
out food.
And the two dads have a
conversation.
In order to make himself
understood.
Dad #1 draws.
A scene where there's a village.
And one of those serpent tailed
creatures flying above it.
He shows it.
To his newly acquainted dad, who
tells a story.
And.
It's quite an important story to
him.
And he looks off into the
distance while he is telling it,
and his eyes get misty.
You're seeing it all again as if
he was there, it looks like.
#END_arrival_4
I don't know how helpful that's
going to be.
Hmm.
Whoops, I can't hear you.
Next is another short story. I'm
going to pull it up. OK. Thanks.
OK, I'll share my screen.
No.
OK, same thing as before.
Just tell me when you want.
Wait, let me just make sure.
Yeah, that was fine.
There we go.
Tell me when you would like me
to move on with each page.
Thanks.
#START_wanderer So there's what
looks like a devil in the upper
left hand corner, but it's a
helpful devil and.
There's a boy or a man in a
striped shirt.
Trying to fold something, it
looks like a giant piece of
paper and they're.
Working on this together and
what they've made is some kind
of a hat shape.
And they're carrying it.
And it's not a hat, but a boat,
it turns out.
And in the next on the next page
here, we're seeing a giant
sailing ship.
Heading out to sea with this
paper boat that they've made
floating towards it.
And above all of this is a flock
of beautiful sea birds. They
look like gannets.
And down below.
Is the paper boat.
And it's floating unbelievably
well. It even looks like there's
a wake. It's creating a wake as
it moves on, but there are there
are a wave, so it's got some.
Navigating to do but yeah,
beautiful birds above it.
They're they're all heading in
the same direction.
And encountering as they sail.
Crazy sea creatures.
Turtles.
OK.
Patchwork looking.
Shells, and they're very curious
about this boat.
As is.
One of the birds who comes down.
The boat sails on and.
And encounters a massive object.
It looks like a creature and
it's rising out of the water.
OK, it's kind of a whale. You
know, from this vantage point,
it looks like a whale.
There's a gorgeous swordfish.
below it.
The whale has sort of a mane
that flows from it. Oh my gosh,
the boat's gotten stuck on the
whale's sprout sprouts brow,
whatever that thing is.
That's a state of affairs, and
there's beautiful undersea life
tubes and fish and.
Ferny things and the anemones,
striped fish flowing. But yeah,
what a predicament. Who knows
what's going to happen next?
This page so the whale must have
submerged in the boats.
Settled back down but.
The tide is low and it seems to
be caught up now on this on the.
The seabed where it's exposed.
No.
That's interesting.
It's still sailing.
There's.
Crazy kind of Mane, like a sea
urchin mane attached to this
boat, to the boat now and then.
All that activity down below,
somehow a fishing rod has
appeared. We're not seeing
anyone using it, but it's caught
a fish.
As it moves along.
Change.
No.
Yeah, I don't know what happened
to the fish, but a seahorse
Is.
Interested. And is wearing a
crazy little paper hat on its
head, just like the boat.
All the creatures are getting
interested in this boat and
there's a sea snake trying to
get on board, it looks like.
They might be going to take it
over.
Wow, gorgeous.
Gorgeous foliage coming up out
of the sea with what looks like
flamingos in it.
And a lot of them, it's kind of
a sea forest.
And this little boat with its
new passengers, is sailing
alongside all of this.
Very dreamy.
OK. Yep.
Water's so clear.
So pure.
And the boat's getting into
interesting territory, the
little paper boat.
Yeah, it's a sea forest.
First started in the scene at.
Has what looks like.
Fishes' heads.
Growing this part of the
foliage.
It looks like that little
seahorse is a good navigator.
Birds.
Everyone's watching. Oh, and
there's, there's.
Arms and fingers extending from
some of these.
Creatures that they're passing.
Yeah, hopefully not threatening
next page.
OK, so.
The Sea horse notices something.
Below, and it cranes over itself
over the bow.
To see what's happening, there's
some kind of a seahorse riding a
lobster.
And the lobsters' tentacles.
are extending up above.
Up above the water at, you know,
like surface.
And the seahorse cranes his neck
to see what's happening down
below.
And then?
Has found more of its kind, more
seahorses, just like itself, and
it jumps out of the boat, losing
its hat in the process.
I think he's glad to find more
creatures.
that it understands.
There's one of those massive
whales.
And it's.
Interesting because these whales
are swimming swim upright,
totally
Different than the ones we're
used to seeing.
And the tentacle on the top of
this whale's head.
Works like a fishing rod or
something.
He's dangling something to show
to the boat.
Oh, my gosh. Standing on top of
all the boats he's captured. Oh,
boy, this is dangerous. {All
right, next page.}
What has happened? Where's the
boat? So the boat's.
Been captured it looks like.
And it's been a chaotic area.
These.
Sea animals looking like zebras
and leopards and elephants.
All dwell here, and crazy flying
objects.
Looks.
Like our little boats in
trouble.
Yep, there's even a king. A Sea
King snake.
Doesn't look good. Better check
the next page.
It survived.
The boat sails off into a
beautiful starry night with a
Crescent moon ahead and.
All the little sea creatures
kind of guiding it along, I'd
say it's very lucky.
to have escaped.
This might be the end. Nope. OK.
Massive number of fish.
Are gathered around the boat.
As the boat sails on.
And what appears to be.
An
A curtain hanging above.
Coming down from the sky.
Who knows why?
The whale's periscope's ahead of
it. Who knows. The whale's
taking care of things now. {Yep,
next page.}
Well, it's like the Rock of
Gibraltar.
So.
what looked like a mane or
curtain hanging is just the
edges.
The circumference of a rock.
Rugged rock. It looks like this
might be the Mediterranean. The
ancient Mediterranean or
something. Hard to say, and
there's still a lot of waves,
but the little paper boat is on
its own again, sailing.
It comes to.
An opening in the rock.
What look like icebergs
floating.
And then it sets down this
tunnel of arches.
Beautiful.
OK, let's come out into the
open.
And.
There' creatures coming up that
shines creatures from below kind
of Periscope on a sneaky.
You know extension that shines
light.
And makes a lit path for the
little boat to sail when we see.
This deep sea diver emerged.
He's giant, and he dwarfs the
little boat.
Who knows what's going to happen
from here?
So.
Now they've.
Encountered 2.
Giant ships, it appears. Oh a
giant ship.
At least one maybe. I think it
is two and smokestacks going
strong.
They're underway because you can
see the waves at the bow and
flocks of birds has returned.
There's a lot of sea life, you
know, reaching up his tentacles
from below still.
And.
These birds.
Birds are diving or dying, I
can't tell which.
One seems to be on our boat.
Then.
The boat seems to have
disappeared.
I don't know what happened.
What's happened?
But.
The ship perhaps is up ahead, or
it might be a new city because
it looks as though it's on
pedestals.
Better look at the next one. I
don't know what's happening.
OK, Yep. Ohh boy and.
They're in dangerous territory.
The boat is the ship.
has.
People, creatures firing at our
boat and its helpers.
Luckily.
The deep sea diver.
Throws a life preserver.
At our little boat to try to
keep it afloat.
Crazy.
Right.
They're
They're making it through the
bounding waves.
The deep sea diver and the boat.
And next thing you know,
encountering.
a crazy group here horses and
court jesters and the devil who
helped devil like creature who
helped fold the boat in the
first place it looks like and
they're being.
They're using as a sail a kite.
A suspended kite.
The boat itself is a seashell.
Maybe they'll be helpful.
Oh boy. So
then this huge vortex opens up.
Yikes. It's.
Frightening there are mammoth
waves and our little boat is.
Trying to keep afloat as it goes
up the vertical edge, vertical
sides of the wave.
And the.
Additional boat.
The sail, I mean the kite for
sail is just destroyed. The
kites come apart.
There are two kids.
And it's
Dangerous territory.
Huge storm.
Yeah, paper airplane.
So.
The deep sea diver fashioned a
paper airplane.
When
Their kite got destroyed and
they couldn't keep up with the
boat.
There's lightning and waves and
clouds and the paper airplane is
underway. Maybe going to save
our little hat boat.
Not sure.
OK.
More crazy territory.
This some kind of a sea snake
has caught the airplane.
Snatched it out of the sky as
our boat moves its way down
below.
Doesn't look good.
Yeah the sea, sea snakes.
are gesturing. Maybe they're
helpful.
And our little hat boat makes
its way through a tunnel.
of Snakey loops.
Looks like it's heading for day
for day for for heading for open
areas.
Yep, it's come out into the
open.
All these characters.
There's a very funky island,
perhaps.
Oh, what was happening there?
OK, so on the first page, the
first page is on the left.
The sea snakes are.
Pouring water.
Into the hat boat.
I don't know if they're trying
to sink it.
It's really hard to say, but
somehow it stays afloat.
And avoids this.
Horrible island littered.
An inhabitant inhabited by.
Creatures. The whole new kind of
fly. It's a flying fish, that's
what it is, isn't it? Wearing a
striped bathing suit.
But it looks like our little
boat has escaped again. I don't
know how.
Sea urchins galore.
Jellyfish. Jellyfish it's. so
yeah, it's in a sea of
jellyfish. That happens
sometimes.
But.
Can the little boat survive that
much mass of?
Sea, blubber and tentacle.
I'm not seeing it on the second
page. {You better go in the
next.}
Yeah, that's it. It's sunk. It's
underwater now.
It's in the world of.
Jellyfish and sea urchins and.
All these weird.
Creatures.
Ohh, it's been.
Taken over
by these sea creatures who look
like they're going to be eating
it.
However.
Unbelievably.
There's been some kind of a ship
fashioned and the boat is on.
Its forward point, wow. And it
looks like it's going to get
launched.
Who knows how that happened?
Yep, above water again.
The day is saved and it's kind
of being delivered, pouring
water out of its, out of its
deck.
And lo and behold, it's quite
close to this.
Fishing boat. Maybe it's a
friendly fishing boat.
Yeah.
Some seals get a hold of it.
They're definitely playing with
it. Seals never take life
seriously.
Holding it aloft and.
And on that next page.
Yeah, beautiful scenery.
There's hope. It's daytime.
And.
Little boat continues.
And.
Before you know it is directly
over.
a deep sea diver.
Whatever he's doing down below
there, it's always interesting.
I've never seen anyone on board
our little boat other than sea
animals that it encounters.
But yeah, and there's some light
being cast off from whatever
that deep sea diver is doing
down below because it it's
casting his shadow.
Of onto what's behind him.
Interesting.
Yep, everybody's there. They're,
they are on a navigational buoy.
Everyone's sitting and relaxing.
Quite a cast of characters. The
birds are back.
And.
Our little boat is somehow still
afloat, but it does have a
little dot on it now that I've
never seen before. Maybe some
kind of a badge for having
survived everything it's been
through.
And and.
It continues floating to the
point where it's approaching a
beautiful lighthouse.
And some boats, some ships.
As well. So our little boat
might be coming into a harbor
now from the looks of it.
Wild, yeah.
Yeah.
Approaching.
Entering a harbor with a lot of
building.
Crazy.
Bridge like.
Construction.
Yeah, whole new world. We'll see
how things go.
It's found itself quite close to
a massive ship, very near a
tugboat headed right for it.
Yeah.
The little ship that saved it is
down below, still on the same
course. It looks like perhaps
they're keeping track of things
in case our little paper boat
needs help again.
And everyone's coming into port.
Major ships are being greeted by
all the people.
Waiting for the passengers.
There is a tugboat.
There is an absolutely wacky
boat that looks like it's made
of a fish or is a fish. It's a
whale. whale but Oh my gosh,
it's a whale taking a shower.
I don't know, but yeah, reached
the harbor intact.
And heading in a little closer.
What a sweet little houseboat
next to it.
And the.
Sea
Creature.
diver's boat now is.
Plaid and it has what looks like
a girl wearing a striped shirt,
shirt, sweater inside. Sailor
shirt.
Inside.
Yeah.
Never been to this place.
All right.
Sea boat.
OK.
So the tugboat.
Captain.
Ohh has caught that creature.
So it's not a tugboat, it was a
fishing boat.
It's caught that creature.
And is communicating with our
little boat, maybe telling it
where to go and.
And our boat heads right up to a
stairway from the pier.
And a sailor or or someone is
meeting it. Seabirds flying all
around.
Yeah, it might be home.
Exploratio.
Exploratio. Or maybe the
explorations are over.
We shall see next page.
And then we're seeing from
above. Yep.
Our little boat is appear to get
to some kind of a.
A fantasy of Venice. Beautiful
curving canals and and the
aqueducts and arches.
Going bridges going, arch
bridges going over and the.
The sea creature.
This kind of.
Camouflaged himself with these,
Looks like a TV antenna. I've
seen it once before. For a
moment he's looking at things
from above, but our little boat
is making its way down the
canal.
Coming close to.
Appear a dock where there are
all kinds of creatures.
Fascinating. And what looked
like the devil is on a horse, a
polka dot horse.
And he has what looks like a
Crescent moon.
Piercing his head so his horns
have changed nature. Unless I'm
mistaken mistook them before.
Coming down the canal. Maybe
we're coming home. I don't know.
Creatures everywhere.
Beautiful starry sky.
Still traveling.
Under another bridge.
"Actineow." And the boat that's
helped him out.
Seems to be.
Tied up here on the side as well
as the little fishing or
tugboat, so.
Our boat has good company, I
think.
Fish very surprised to see it.
And up ahead,
There's a building, a little bit
of a house shape to it being lit
up by a street light with
nothing else visible.
It's all on its own.
So we float right up there.
To the stairway.
And is it possible?
Oh my gosh. So there's been a
creature on board our boat all
this time.
Inside.
And this creature
Comes out and climbs the stairs.
ascends them and.
Is talking to someone who's a
white person. There is artwork
on the dark person.
And they seem to be having a
conversation on the top.
#END_wanderer
This year.
OK. That was the end of that
one.
And now our last thing is.
A complex scene is our last
thing.
I don't know where you get these
things, Megan.
They're so imaginative.
Yeah, they're all very creative.
Yeah.
#START_unfriendly_giants So this
is about unfriendly giants.
And.
There are both male and female
giants, however.
No, the male giants are
unfriendly, and what looks like
female giants are just cut outs.
They're wooden cutouts and
they're waving.
And I don't know what that does
for anybody.
{So Waldo and wizard.
Came to the land of the
unfriendly giants, where many
waldos had been before, and
Waldo some of that. The Giants
were horribly harassing the
little people.}
Oh my gosh, now I see the little
people.
I thought it was flowers.
Sheesh.
So the Giants are doing
everything in their power to
torment the little people.
They're shaking them out of the
trees.
They're plucking them out of the
castles.
They're disturbing their
windmills.
Going into the fields and it
looks like they're up to no good
there also.
Giants really are massive. One
of their feet could crush three
or four people.
And I don't think they're
careful when they move around
the landscape.
There's in particular, one giant
who's tucked people captive into
his belt.
As another giant.
Takes a chain around a home and
who knows what he's going to do
with it.
Puts the chain around a home.
There's a giant on his kneels,
knees kneeling, who doffs his
hat in deference to some of the
little people.
So maybe there's one friendly
giant from the looks of things.
Ohh.
Oh no. There may be 2, because
here's a giant with a bouquet of
flowers.
And a heart over his head.
Who's approaching the
Wooden woman.
Thinks he's in love.
So he's been distracted from
being an unfriendly giant.
And another one over on the
other side doing something
similar.
Meanwhile, down. Down. Below.
Hosts of unfriendly giants. I
think six of them are playing
chess.
With humans. And that can't be
good.
And.
A lot of the humans, some
soldiers have banded together
and they're starting to torment
and attack the chess playing
giants.
So, but the giant.
Like just casually smacks them
all over with his right hand as
they approach in a group.
Doesn't look good. There is a
giant with a peashooter.
Firing at one of the little
people's armies.
And there's another Yep, there
are three peashooters. There you
go.
It's not going to turn out well.
And a crazy platform. oh Oh my
gosh, the little people have
built a platform that wields a
hammer, and it's about to whack
one of the unfriendly giants in
the head.
That's probably the most
creative weapon so far. Oh no,
oh oh, so that the wooden women.
Are there for a reason. Now I'm
seeing the hammers on platforms
behind them.
When these unfriendly giants
fall for these ladies, they
approach and get hit over the
head with the swivel swivel
hammer. Oh my God, there are
three of them. That's brilliant.
Yeah, so there's hope.
So.
Yep. No Waldo.
Wherever Waldo is, is not there.
#END_unfriendly_giants
OK, let me just stop sharing and
double check, OK?